# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

This project is six interconnected web pages providing information about some interstate highways in the state of Missouri.  Information displayed for each interstate includes:  
* Image of the interstate shield.  
* The South/West and North/East terminus within Missouri.  
* A list of major junctions within Missouri.  
* A map showing the interstate route within Missouri.  

**Files:**  


| File Name  | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| README.md | This file |
| i35.html | Web page for Missouri Interstate 35 |
| i44.html | Web page for Missouri Interstate 44 |
| i49.html | Web page for Missouri Interstate 49 |
| i55.html | Web page for Missouri Interstate 55 |
| i70.html | Web page for Missouri Interstate 70 |
| index.html | Main web page for this project |
| mo_interstate.css | The Cascading Style Sheet for this project, generated by SASS from mo_interstate.scss |
| mo_interstate.css.map | Map file generate by SASS |
| mo_interstate.scss | The SASS source file containing the Style for this project |
| images | This folder contains the image file used in the above web pages | 

This submission includes the requirements for CS50W Project 0, enumerated below for reference.  

* Your website must contain at least four different .html pages, and it should be possible to get from any page on your website to any other page by following one or more hyperlinks.

* Your website must include at least one list (ordered or unordered), at least one table, and at least one image.

* Your website must have at least one stylesheet file.

* Your stylesheet(s) must use at least five different CSS properties, and at least five different types of CSS selectors. You must use the #id selector at least once, and the .class selector at least once.

* Your stylesheet(s) must include at least one mobile-responsive @media query, such that something about the styling changes for smaller screens.

* You must use Bootstrap 4 on your website, taking advantage of at least one Bootstrap component, and using at least two Bootstrap columns for layout purposes using Bootstrap’s grid model.

* Your stylesheets must use at least one SCSS variable, at least one example of SCSS nesting, and at least one use of SCSS inheritance.

* In README.md, include a short writeup describing your project, what’s contained in each file, and (optionally) any other additional information the staff should know about your project.
